Updating the "outdated antimalware client" alert description (#4341)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/configmgr/protect/deploy-use/endpoint-configure-alerts.md

## Alert for outdated malware client

Beginning with Configuration Manager version 1702, you can configure an alert to ensure Endpoint Protection clients are not outdated. From any device collection, you can now add columns to the list for the following attributes **Antimalware Client Version** and **Endpoint Protection Deployment State**. For example, in the console navigate to **Assets and Compliance** > **Overview** > **Device Collections** > **All Desktops and Server Clients**. Right-click the column header and select those columns to add. To check for an alert, view **Alerts** in the **Monitoring** workspace. If more than 20% of managed clients are running an expired version of Defender Antimalware Platform, the Antimalware client version is outdated alert is displayed. This alert doesn't appear on the **Monitoring** > **Overview** tab. To update expired antimalware clients, enable software updates for antimalware clients.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Antimalware Platform updates are separate from Definition updates. Please find more information at [Product Update for Defender](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-US/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-antivirus-updates?view=o365-worldwide#product-updates) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The antimalware platform updates are separate from definition updates. For more information, see [Product updates for Defender](/microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/microsoft-defender-antivirus-updates#product-updates).
```
